Clarify multiple Local/remote endpoints (#1447)
ietf-tapswg/api-drafts: draft-ietf-taps-interface.md

At least one Local Endpoint and one Remote Endpoint MUST be specified if a
peer-to-peer `Rendezvous` is to occur based on the Preconnection.

If Local Endpoints are specified on a Preconnection, then all the Local Endpoints
on the Preconnection MUST eliable for communication from the host they are specified on.

> For example, their Endpoint Identifiers might correspond to different interfaces on a multi-homed

Reviewer: I do not understand /eliable/ ?

> If Local Endpoints are specified on a Preconnection, then all the Local Endpoints
> on the Preconnection MUST be eligible for communication from the host they are specified on.
> For example, their Endpoint Identifiers might correspond to different interfaces on a multi-homed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If more than one Local Endpoint is specified on a Preconnection, then the application
 is indicating that all of the Local Endpoints are eligible to be used for Connections. For
 example, their Endpoint Identifiers might correspond to different interfaces on a multi-homed
```

host, or their Endpoint Identifiers might correspond to local interfaces and a STUN server that
can be resolved to a server reflexive address for a Preconnection used to
make a peer-to-peer `Rendezvous`.

If more than one Remote Endpoint is specified on the Preconnection,

> the transport system SHOULD assume that all the Remote Endpoints on the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
the Transport Services system SHOULD assume that all the Remote Endpoints on the
```

> If more than one Remote Endpoint is specified on the Preconnection,
> the Transport Services system SHOULD assume that all the Remote Endpoints on the
> Preconnection represent equivalent services, to the extent that the
> the Transport Services system can choose any of them serving the application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If more than one Remote Endpoint is specified on the Preconnection, the
application is indicating that it expects all of the Remote Endpoints to
offer an equivalent service, and that the Transport Services system can choose
any of them for a Connection.
```
